0.60 blogpost (#1060)
facebook/react-native-website: website/blog/2020-02-31-version-60.md

---
title: Announcing React Native 0.60
author: Ryan Turner
authorTitle: Core Maintainer & React Native Developer
authorURL: https://twitter.com/turnrye
authorImageURL: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/701035?s=460&v=4
authorTwitter: turnrye
category: announcements
---

> After months of hard work from hundreds of contributors, the React Native Core team is proud to announce the release of version 0.60. This release handles significant migrations for both Android and iOS platforms, and many issues are resolved too. This blog post covers the highlights of the release. As always though, refer to the changelog for more detailed information. Finally, thank you contributors for helping us make this milestone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After months of hard work from hundreds of contributors, the React Native Core team is proud to announce the release of version 0.60. This release handles significant migrations for both Android and iOS platforms, and many issues are resolved too. This blog post covers the highlights of the release. As always though, refer to the changelog for more detailed information. Finally, thank you, contributors, for helping us make this milestone!
```

Author: While "contributors" is used as an appositive here, since "you" is imprecise (for instance the reader may not be a contributor), there need not be commas around it.

## Focus on Accessibility

> There have been many improvements to the accessibility APIs, like `announceForAccessibility`, plus improvements to roles, action support, flags, and more. Accessibility is a complex science, but we hope these improvements make it a bit easier to be an A11Y. Be sure to check [React Native Open Source Update June 2019](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/blog/2019/06/12/react-native-open-source-update#meaningful-community-contributions) for more details of these changes.

Reviewer 2: Could you list the ones that were merged for 0.60 here in the blog post directly?

## A Fresh Start

React Native's start screen has been updated! Thank you to the many contributors who helped create the new UI. This new "Hello World" will welcome users to the ecosystem in a more friendly, engaging way.

![The new init screen helps developers get started from the get-go with resources and a good example](/react-native/blog/assets/0.60-new-init-screen.png)

## AndroidX Support

> [AndroidX](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx) is a major step forward in the Android ecosystem, and the old support library artifacts are being deprecated. In 0.60, React Native is migrated over to AndroidX. This is a breaking change, and your native code and dependencies will need to be migrated as well.

Reviewer 3: Can you make it bold about migrating all deps?

> With this change, React Native apps will need to begin using AndroidX themselves. They cannot be used side-by-side in one app, so all of the app code and dependency code needs to be using one or the other.
>
> [matt-oakes](https://github.com/matt-oakes) on [discussions-and-proposals](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals/issues/129)

> While your own native code will need to be migrated by you, [@mikehardy](https://github.com/mikehardy), [@cawfree](https://github.com/cawfree), and [@m4tt72](https://github.com/m4tt72) built a [clever tool](https://github.com/mikehardy/jetifier) to patch your `node_modules` while library maintainers are still working on releasing upgrades themselves. So if you find errors related to AndroidX migration, give this a shot.

Reviewer 3: "Clever tool" link is not something I want to open, I'd more likely open a link to "jetifier" described as a clever tool. Also please make the statements about migration etc bold, it's something that's gonna break for almost every upgraded app

> While your own native code will need to be migrated by you, [@mikehardy](https://github.com/mikehardy), [@cawfree](https://github.com/cawfree), and [@m4tt72](https://github.com/m4tt72) built a [clever tool named "jetifier"](https://github.com/mikehardy/jetifier) to patch your `node_modules`. Library maintainers will need to upgrade, but this tool will help while waiting. So if you find errors related to AndroidX migration, give this a shot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While your own native code will need to be migrated by you, [@mikehardy](https://github.com/mikehardy), [@cawfree](https://github.com/cawfree), and [@m4tt72](https://github.com/m4tt72) built a [clever tool named "jetifier"](https://github.com/mikehardy/jetifier) to patch your `node_modules`. Library maintainers will need to upgrade, but this tool provide you with a temporary solution while giving them time to release an AndroidX version. So if you find errors related to AndroidX migration, give this a shot.
```

## Cocoapods by Default

> [CocoaPods are now part of React Native's iOS project](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals/blob/master/proposals/0004-cocoapods-support-improvements.md). At the same time, the `podspec`s for the internal packages have changed to make them in sync with the Xcode projects, which will help with troubleshooting and debugging. Expect to make some straightforward changes to your `Podfile` as part of the upgrade to 0.60 to bring this exciting support.

Reviewer 3: Add a note that ios projects are now  opened through workspace

> [CocoaPods are now part of React Native's iOS project](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals/blob/master/proposals/0004-cocoapods-support-improvements.md). If you weren't already, be sure to open iOS platform code using the `xcworkspace` file from now on. Also, the `podspec`s for the internal packages have changed to make them compatible with the Xcode projects, which will help with troubleshooting and debugging. Expect to make some straightforward changes to your `Podfile` as part of the upgrade to 0.60 to bring this exciting support.

Reviewer 5: What do you think about mentioning this content as a tip: https://twitter.com/lbentosilva/status/1143055879664783360?s=20?

Reviewer 4: I wonder if we should mention this https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/pull/120#issuecomment-507305472 here too

Reviewer 5: Would be nice 😁

## Lean Core Removals

> **WebView** and **NetInfo** were previously extracted into separate repositories, and in 0.60 we’ve finished migrating them out of the React Native repository. Additionally, in response to community feedback about new App Store policy, **Geolocation** has been extracted. If you haven’t already, complete your migration by adding dependencies to [react-native-webview](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview), [@react-native-community/netinfo](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-netinfo), and [@react-native-community/geolocation](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-geolocation). Maintainers have made more than 100 commits to these repositories since extraction and we’re excited to see the community’s support!

Reviewer 5: Here you could also add a link to https://github.com/lucasbento/rn-update-deprecated-modules to help out with migrating to the new projects.

## Native Modules are now Autolinked

> The team working on [the cli](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli) has introduced major improvements to native module linking called [autolinking](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md)! With it, the `react-native link` command is replaced by automatic native platform package linking, with no additional steps required. At the same time, the team overhauled the linking process in general. Let us know what you think using the hashtag [#autolinkingInRN](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?hashtags=autolinkingInRN).

Reviewer 3: the cli -> The React Native CLI

Reviewer 3: Link is not replaced, it's still there but we believe it's not gonna be that useful now

> The team working on the [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli) has introduced major improvements to native module linking called [autolinking](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md)! Most scenarios will not require the use of `react-native link` anymore. At the same time, the team overhauled the linking process in general. Let us know what you think using the hashtag [#autolinkingInRN](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?hashtags=autolinkingInRN).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The team working on the [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli) has introduced major improvements to native module linking called [autolinking](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md)! Most scenarios will not require the use of `react-native link` anymore. At the same time, the team overhauled the linking process in general.
```

I'm not a fan of this hashtag approach - maybe we could instead have an issue open in the CLI for feedback on it?

cc @thymikee

## Upgrade Helper

> [@lucasbento](https://github.com/lucasbento), [@pvinis](https://github.com/pvinis), [@kelset](https://github.com/kelset), and [@watadarkstar](https://github.com/watadarkstar) have built a great tool called [Upgrade Helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) to make the upgrade process simpler. It helps React Native users with brownfield apps or complex customizations to see what's changed between versions. Take a look at the [upgrade from 0.59.9 to 0.60.0](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/?from=0.59.9&to=0.60.0) and try it out today for your upgrade path!

Reviewer 5: I'm working on #1063, it would be nice to add a link to the section here that mentions how to use it.

![Upgrade Helper cleanly and easily shows the changes needed to migrate to a different version of React Native](/react-native/blog/assets/0.60-upgrade-helper.png)

## A Note to Library Maintainers

> Changes for AndroidX will almost certainly require updates to your library, so be sure to include support soon. If you're not able to upgrade yet, consider checking your library against the jetifier to confirm that users are able to patch your library at build time.

Reviewer 4: there should also be a mention that if the library has an iOS native side and is using Pods, they have to change their Pod deps -> https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commit/2321b3f

Author: @kelset I asked around and was unable to find examples of this happening, it seems like an edge case.

Reviewer 4: I guess that maybe for libraries is an edge case - but I'm sure some apps will be hit by the BC. Maybe add the link to the commit where you say "some straightforward changes" in the Pods paragraph?

> Depending on how your library was previously integrated, you may also need to make some changes. Check the [dependencies](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/dependencies.md) guide from the CLI for information on how to define your dependency interface.

Reviewer 3: We'll need to create a single migration guide and link it here. Cc @grabbou

Author: @thymikee maybe I can help with that; let me know what you have in mind, and I'll try to help Sunday.

Reviewer 3: @turnrye 	https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/pull/450

Reviewer 3: Oh, we also need to ask them to adopt their configs and readmes to utilize autolinking, docs: https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md

## Thanks

> While these are the highlights that we noted, there are many others to be excited about. To see all the updates, take a look at the [changelog](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md). As always, stay tuned for more exciting changes in the future. Enjoy 0.60 in the meantime.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While these are the highlights that we noted, there are many others to be excited about. To see all the updates, take a look at the [changelog](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md). As always, stay tuned for more news - and enjoy 0.60 in the meantime!
```

> [Ryan](https://github.com/turnrye) and the whole [React Native core team](https://twitter.com/reactnative)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Remember that you can always also follow us on twitter: [React Native core team](https://twitter.com/reactnative) & [React Native Community](https://twitter.com/ReactNativeComm)
```

Reviewer 4: (also, I don't think it's necessary to have your signature here since you'll show on top, right below the title)
